1.Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,

between 2000 and 3200 (both included).

2.Write a program which can compute the factorial of a given numbers.
The results should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.

3.Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma-separated numbers from console and generate a list and a tuple which contains every number.

 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
 34,67,55,33,12,98

4.Question:

Define a class which has at least two methods:

getString: to get a string from console input 

printString: to print the string in upper case. 

Also please include simple test function to test the class methods.

5.Write a program that accepts a comma separated sequence of words as input and prints the words in a comma-separated sequence after sorting them alphabetically.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
without,hello,bag,world
Then, the output should be:
bag,hello,without,world

6.Write a program that accepts a sentence and calculate the number of letters and digits.

7.A website requires the users to input username and password to register. Write a program to check the validity of password input by users.
Following are the criteria for checking the password:
1. At least 1 letter between [a-z]
2. At least 1 number between [0-9]
3. At least 1 letter between [A-Z]
4. At least 1 character from [$#@]
5. Minimum length of transaction password: 6
6. Maximum length of transaction password: 12

8.Write a program to compute the frequency of the words from the input. The output should output after sorting the key alphanumerically.

 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
New to Python or choosing between Python 2 and Python 3? Read Python 2 or Python 3.

Then, the output should be:

2:2

3.:1

3?:1
New:1
Python:5
Read:1
and:1
between:1
choosing:1
or:2
to:19.


9.Please write a program to compress and decompress the string "hello world!hello world!hello world!hello world!".

10.Write a program to solve a classic ancient puzzle: 

We count 35 heads and 94 legs among the chickens and rabbits in a farm. How many rabbits and how many chickens do we have?

